book fifth of Moses commonly
called deuteronomy chapter 1 these
are the words that Moses spoke to all
israel of this part of Jordan in the
desert on the plain in front of the sea
vermilion between parana and paper and wash and
steel and saab eleven days airs of
Golden Mount Road continue until
des Barnea and was that at forty
in the eleventh month of the first month
Moses spoke to the children of Israel
according to all the things that jehovah
had sent about them after
who struck a king of the Amorites who
he lived in zvon and now king of bazán
who dwelt in astaroth in the king of
this part of Jordan in the land of Moab
did Moses decide to declare this law
saying jehovah our god spoke to us
in praying saying you have been in
this mount go back matches and go to
monte del amo reo and all its districts
in the plain on the mountain and in the
and at noon and the coast of the sea to
the land of the Canaanite and Lebanon until
the great river the river Euphrates and
I have given the earth in your
presence enter and own the land that
jehovah swore to your parents abraham
isaac and jacob that would give them already
their foundation after them
and I will not know then saying I do not
I can take or only jehovah to your
God has multiplied you and here I am
you like the stars of heaven in
mob jehovah god of your fathers
add on you as you are a thousand times
and bless you as he has promised you as
I'll just call your troubles
your charges and your lawsuits
give me among your tribes among you
wise men and experts and experts
so that I put them for your bosses
and you did not answer and if you said good it is
do what you said and I took the
of your male tribes
wise and expert and I put them by the boss
on you chiefs of thousands and chiefs
of hundreds and heads of fifty and capes
of ten and governors to your tribes
and then I sent your judges
saying to hear between your brothers and
judge fairly between man and his
brother and the one who is foreigner not
have respect for people in the trial
towards the little one like the big one you'll hear
you will not fear any of them because the
judgment is of God and the cause that
it would be difficult to bring them and I would
I will do
osman at that time after all
what you had to do and gold matches
we walked all that big and terrible
desert that you have seen along the way
of the mountain of love I am a jehovah
our god sent it to us and we arrived
to cádiz barnea
Then I told you, you arrived to the mountain
of love, which jehovah our god
give us look jehovah your god has given
before you the earth rises and possesses the
as jehovah the god of your fathers has
said do not fear or faint and gas to
me all of you and you said send
males in front of us that we
recognize the earth and bring us
return reason of the road where we have
of going up and of the cities where we have
to arrive and the saying seemed good to me and
I took twelve men of you one male
by tribe and they went and went up
mount and came to the winding of
eshkol and they recognized the earth and
they took in their hands the fruit of the country
and they brought it to us and they gave us an account and
they said the land is good that jehovah
our god gives us in but you did not want
and go up before you rebelled against the saying
from jehovah to your god and murmur
you are in your stores saying
because jehovah hated us
taken from the land of egypt
give ourselves to the master of the crime
destroy us
where we climb our brothers have
made our heart faint
saying this town is higher and higher
that we the big cities and
dwellings up to heaven and we also saw
there sons of giants then I told you
Do not fear or be afraid of them
jehovah your god who goes before
of you he will fight for you
according to all the things he did for
you in Egypt in front of you
eyes and in the desert you've seen that
jehovah your god has brought you as he brings
man his son all the way that
you have walked until you have come to
this place and even with this you do not believe you
they say jehovah your god which was going
in front of you on the road to
I recognize the place where he is
settle the field with fire at night to
show you the way you walked 16
and with day cloud
and I jehovah the voice of your words
and I get angry and swore saying you will not see
man any of these of this bad
generation the good land that I swore
I had to give to your parents except
caler son of ge puts on the vera and he
I will give him the land he stepped on and his children
because he fulfilled after jehovah and
also against me be ero jehovah by
you saying you will not go either
there josué son of nul who is in front
from you he will already enter animals because he
will inherit Israel and your
little ones that you said and will be
for prey and your children who do not know
neither good nor bad they will enter there already
they will give it and they will inherit it and
you go back and go to the desert
way of the red sea then
you answered and if you told me sin
we have against jehovah we will go up and
we will fight according to all that jehovah
our god has sent us
and you arm six each of your weapons of
war and osa you perceived jce to climb
to the mountain and jehovah told me
tell them not their vice nor fights because I'm not
among you because you are not injured
in front of your enemies and I speak to you
and you did not listen before you were
rebels to the saying of jehovah and
persisting with haughtiness you had the
mount and came out the inmate love that lived
in that mountain to meet you and you
They chased as the wasps do and
they defeated in continuing to persecute them
I even last and came back and if you cried and
in front of jehovah but jehovah did not listen
your voice does not lend you an ear and
You were in Cádiz for many days